SOURCE: Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (CIK 1364479), Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, filed 2014-03-19. Item 7, Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates (also contained in the mdna file). https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1364479/000136447914000006/hgh2013form10-k.htm

[p. 44]

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or “GAAP.” The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in our financial statements and accompanying notes.

We believe the following accounting policies may involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity in their application and represent the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements. If different assumptions or conditions were to prevail, the results could be materially different from our reported results. For additional discussion of our accounting policies, see Note 2 to the Notes to our audited annual consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report under the caption “Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

[p. 45]
ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of

Operations (Continued)

Acquisition Accounting

We account for business combinations using the acquisition method, which requires an allocation of the purchase price of an acquired entity to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets acquired.

Revenue Earning Equipment

Our principal assets are revenue earning equipment, which represented approximately 58% of our total assets as of December 31, 2013. Revenue earning equipment consists of vehicles utilized in our car rental operations and equipment utilized in our equipment rental operations. For the year ended December 31, 2013, 30% of the vehicles purchased for our combined U.S. and international car rental fleets were subject to repurchase by automobile manufacturers under contractual repurchase and guaranteed depreciation programs, subject to certain manufacturers' car condition and mileage requirements, at a specific price during a specified time period. These programs limit our residual risk with respect to vehicles purchased under these programs. For all other vehicles, as well as equipment acquired by our equipment rental business, we use historical experience, as well as industry residual value guidebooks, and the monitoring of market conditions, to set depreciation rates. Generally, when revenue earning equipment is acquired, we estimate the period that we will hold the asset, primarily based on historical measures of the amount of rental activity (e.g., automobile mileage and equipment usage) and the targeted age of equipment at the time of disposal. We also estimate the residual value of the applicable revenue earning equipment at the expected time of disposal. The residual values for rental vehicles are affected by many factors, including make, model and options, age, physical condition, mileage, sale location, time of the year and channel of disposition (e.g., auction, retail, dealer direct). The residual value for rental equipment is affected by factors which include equipment age and amount of usage. Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated holding period. Depreciation rates are reviewed on a quarterly basis based on management's ongoing assessment of present and estimated future market conditions, their effect on residual values at the time of disposal and the estimated holding periods. Market conditions for used vehicle and equipment sales can also be affected by external factors such as the economy, natural disasters, fuel prices and incentives offered by manufacturers of new cars. These key factors are considered when estimating future residual values. Depreciation rates are adjusted prospectively through the remaining expected life. As a result of this ongoing assessment, we make periodic adjustments to depreciation rates of revenue earning equipment in response to changing market conditions. Upon disposal of revenue earning equipment, depreciation expense is adjusted for any difference between the net proceeds received and the remaining net book value and a corresponding gain or loss is recorded.

Within our Donlen subsidiary, revenue earning equipment is under longer term lease agreements with our customers. These leases contain provisions whereby we have a contracted residual value guaranteed to us by the lessee, such that we do not experience any gains or losses on the disposal of these vehicles. Therefore depreciation rates on these vehicles are not adjusted at any point in time per the associated lease contract.

See Note 8 to the Notes to our audited annual consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report under the caption “Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Public Liability and Property Damage

The obligation for public liability and property damage on self-insured U.S. and international vehicles and equipment represents an estimate for both reported accident claims not yet paid, and claims incurred but not yet reported. The related liabilities are recorded on a non-discounted basis. Reserve requirements are based on rental volume and actuarial evaluations of historical accident claim experience and trends, as well as future projections of ultimate losses, expenses, premiums and administrative costs. The adequacy of the liability is regularly monitored based on evolving accident claim history and insurance related state legislation changes. If our estimates change or if actual results differ from these assumptions, the amount of the recorded liability is adjusted to reflect these results. Our actual results as compared to our estimates have historically resulted in relatively minor adjustments to our recorded liability.

Pension Benefit Obligations

Our employee pension costs and obligations are dependent on our assumptions used by actuaries in calculating such amounts. These assumptions include discount rates, salary growth, long-term return on plan assets, retirement rates, mortality rates and other factors. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, generally affect our recognized expense in such future periods. While we believe that the assumptions used are appropriate, significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in assumptions

[p. 46]
ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of

Operations (Continued)

would affect our pension costs and obligations. The various employee related actuarial assumptions (e.g., retirement rates, mortality rates, salary growth) used in determining pension costs and plan liabilities are reviewed periodically by management, assisted by the enrolled actuary, and updated as warranted. The discount rate used to value the pension liabilities and related expenses and the expected rate of return on plan assets are the two most significant assumptions impacting pension expense. The discount rate used is a market based spot rate as of the valuation date. For the expected return on assets assumption, we use a forward looking rate that is based on the expected return for each asset class (including the value added by active investment management), weighted by the target asset allocation. The past annualized long-term performance of the Plans' assets has generally been in line with the long-term rate of return assumption. See Note 6 to the Notes to our audited annual consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report under the caption “Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” For a discussion of the risks associated with our pension plans, see “Item 1A—Risk Factors” in this Annual Report.

Goodwill

We review goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the goodwill may not be recoverable, and also review goodwill annually. Goodwill impairment is deemed to exist if the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its fair value. Goodwill must be tested at least annually using a two-step process. The first step is to identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of the reporting unit to its fair value. A reporting unit is an operating segment or a business one level below that operating segment (the component level) if discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. However, components are aggregated as a single reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow methodology. The key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model for impairment testing include discount rates, growth rates, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. Discount rates are set by using the Weighted Average Cost of Capital, or “WACC,” methodology. The WACC methodology considers market and industry data as well as Company specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate discount rates to be used. The discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business. The cash flows represent management's most recent planning assumptions. These assumptions are based on a combination of industry outlooks, views on general economic conditions, our expected pricing plans and expected future savings generated by our past restructuring activities. Terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant WACC and low long-term growth rates. If a potential impairment is identified, the second step is to compare the implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount to measure the impairment loss. A significant decline in the projected cash flows or a change in the WACC used to determine fair value could result in a future goodwill impairment charge.

In the fourth quarter 2013, we performed our annual impairment analysis based upon market data as of October 1, 2013 and concluded that there was no impairment related to our goodwill and our other indefinite lived intangible assets. At October 1, 2013, we had five reporting units: U.S. Car Rental, Europe Car Rental, Other International Car Rental, Donlen and Worldwide Equipment Rental.

We performed the impairment analyses for our reporting units, using our business and long-term strategic plans, revised to reflect the current economic conditions. Our weighted average cost of capital used in the discounted cash flow model was calculated based upon the fair value of our debt and our stock price with a debt to equity ratio comparable to our industry. The total fair value of our reporting units was then compared to our market capitalization to ensure their reasonableness.

See Note 3 to the Notes to our audited annual consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report under the caption “Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Intangible and Long-lived Assets

We re-evaluate the estimated useful lives of our intangible assets annually or as circumstances change. Those intangible assets considered to have indefinite useful lives, including our trade name, are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis, by comparing the fair value of the intangible assets to their carrying value. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives. In addition, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of intangible assets might not be recoverable, we will perform an impairment review.

[p. 47]
ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of

Operations (Continued)

The valuation of our indefinite lived assets utilized the relief from royalty method, which incorporates cash flows and discount rates comparable to those discussed above. We also considered the excess earnings as a percentage of revenues to ensure their reasonableness. Our analysis supported our conclusion that an impairment did not exist.

Derivatives

We periodically enter into cash flow and other hedging transactions to specifically hedge exposure to various risks related to interest rates, fuel prices and foreign currency rates. Derivative financial instruments are viewed as risk management tools and have not been used for speculative or trading purposes. All derivatives are recorded on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at their fair value. The effective portion of changes in fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. The ineffective portion is recognized currently in earnings within the same line item as the hedged item, based upon the nature of the hedged item. For derivative instruments that are not part of a qualified hedging relationship, the changes in their fair value are recognized currently in earnings. The valuation methods used to mark these to market are either market quotes (for fuel swaps, interest rate caps and foreign exchange instruments) or a discounted cash flow method (for interest rate swaps). The key inputs for the discounted cash flow method are the current yield curve and the credit default swap spread. These valuations are subject to change based on movements in items such as the London inter-bank offered rate, or “LIBOR,” our credit worthiness and unleaded gasoline and diesel fuel prices.

Income Taxes

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statement of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Subsequent changes to enacted tax rates and changes to the global mix of earnings will result in changes to the tax rates used to calculate deferred taxes and any related valuation allowances. Provisions are not made for income taxes on undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries that are intended to be indefinitely reinvested outside the United States or are expected to be remitted free of taxes. Future distributions, if any, from these international subsidiaries to the United States or changes in U.S. tax rules may require recording a tax on these amounts. We have recorded a deferred tax asset for unutilized net operating loss carryforwards in various tax jurisdictions. Upon utilization, the taxing authorities may examine the positions that led to the generation of those net operating losses. If the utilization of any of those losses are disallowed a deferred tax liability may have to be recorded.

See Note 9 to the Notes to our audited annual consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report under the caption “Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Stock Based Compensation

The cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments is based on the grant date fair value of the award. The compensation expense for RSUs and PSUs is recognized ratably over the vesting period. For grants in 2011, 2012 and 2013, the vesting period is two or three years (for grants in 2011, 25% in the first year, 25% in the second year and 50% in the third year and for grants in 2012 and 2013, 33 1/3% per year). In addition to the service vesting condition, the PSUs had an additional vesting condition which called for the number of units that will be awarded based on achievement of a certain level of Corporate EBITDA over the applicable measurement period.

The cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments is based on the grant date fair value of the award. That cost is recognized over the period during which the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. We estimated the fair value of options issued at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which includes assumptions related to volatility, expected term, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate. These factors combined with the stock price on the date of grant result in a fixed expense which is recorded on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The key factors used in the valuation process, other than the volatility, remained unchanged from the date of grant. Because the stock of Hertz Holdings became publicly traded in November 2006 and had a short trading history, it was not practicable for us to estimate the expected volatility of our share price, or a peer company share price, because there was not sufficient historical information about past volatility prior to 2012. Therefore, prior to 2012 we used the calculated value method, substituting the historical volatility of an appropriate industry sector index for the expected volatility of our common stock price as an assumption in the valuation model.

[p. 48]
ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of

Operations (Continued)

We selected the Dow Jones Specialized Consumer Services sub-sector within the consumer services industry, and we used the U.S. large capitalization component, which includes the top 70% of the index universe (by market value).

The calculation of the historical volatility of the index was made using the daily historical closing values of the index for the preceding 6.25 years, because that is the expected term of the options using the simplified approach.

Beginning in 2012, we have determined that there is now sufficient historical information available to estimate the expected volatility of our stock price. Therefore for equity awards made in 2012 the assumed volatility for our stock price is based on a weighted average combining implied volatility and the average of our peer’s most recent 5.79-year volatility and mean reversion volatility. The assumed dividend yield is zero. The risk-free interest rate is the implied zero-coupon yield for U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity approximately equal to the expected term of the options, as of the grant dates. The non-cash stock-based compensation expense associated with the Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan, or the “Stock Incentive Plan,” the Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. Director Stock Incentive Plan, or the “Director Plan,” and the Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan, or the “Omnibus Plan,” are pushed down from Hertz Holdings and recorded on the books at the Hertz level. See Note 7 to the Notes to our audited annual consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report under the caption “Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
