SOURCE: Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (CIK 1364479), Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, filed 2012-02-27. Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1364479/000104746912001623/a2207464z10-k.htm

[p. 91]

Note 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Hertz Holdings and our wholly-owned and majority-owned domestic and international subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated.

Use of Estimates and Assumptions

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or "GAAP," requires management to make estimates and assumptions that

[p. 92]
HERTZ GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and footnotes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.

Significant estimates inherent in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements include depreciation of revenue earning equipment, reserves for litigation and other contingencies, accounting for income taxes and related uncertain tax positions, pension costs valuation, useful lives and impairment of long-lived tangible and intangible assets, valuation of stock-based compensation, public liability and property damage reserves, reserves for restructuring, allowance for doubtful accounts and fair value of derivatives.

Reclassifications

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with current reporting.

During the third quarter of 2011, we identified certain errors in our previously issued consolidated financial statements. While these errors did not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a material misstatement of the Company's previously issued consolidated financial statements, correcting these items in the third quarter would have been material to the third quarter and nine-months ending September 30, 2011 results. Accordingly, management has revised in this filing, its previously reported balance sheet and consolidated statement of operations as noted below. These errors relate to additional telecommunication charges and depreciation of revenue earning equipment, as well as certain corrections to deferred taxes on income for years 2005 through 2010 and the related impact on the 2008 goodwill impairment. We are recording the cumulative effect $(8.7) million of these adjustments for the periods prior to 2009 as a decrease to the previously reported December 31, 2008 Accumulated deficit of $936.3 million, resulting in revised December 31, 2008 Accumulated deficit of $945.0 million. These adjustments also resulted in a decrease to revenue earning equipment, net and increases to goodwill, accounts payable and deferred taxes on income as of December 31, 2010. As such, total assets were revised from the previously reported $17,332.2 million to $17,345.0 million, total liabilities were revised from the previously reported $15,200.9 million to $15,226.5 million and total equity was revised from the previously reported $2,131.3 million to $2,118.5 million as of December 31, 2010.

The following tables present the effect of this correction on our Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share data):

Year Ended December 31, 2010 | Year Ended December 31, 2009
As Previously Reported | Adjustment | As Revised | As Previously Reported | Adjustment | As Revised
Direct operating | $4,282,351 | $1,043 | $4,283,394 | $4,084,176 | $2,634 | $4,086,810
Depreciation of revenue earning equipment and lease charges | 1,868,147 | — | 1,868,147 | 1,931,358 | 2,453 | 1,933,811
Selling, general and administrative | — | — | — | 641,148 | 796 | 641,944
(Provision) benefit for taxes on income | (17,068) | 406 | (16,662) | 59,666 | 2,377 | 62,043
Net loss attributable to Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries' common stockholders | (48,044) | (637) | (48,681) | (126,022) | (3,506) | (129,528)
Loss per share:
Basic | $(0.12) | — | $(0.12) | $(0.34) | $(0.01) | $(0.35)
Diluted | $(0.12) | — | $(0.12) | $(0.34) | $(0.01) | $(0.35)

[p. 93]
HERTZ GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

Revenue Recognition

Rental and rental related revenue (including cost reimbursements from customers where we consider ourselves to be the principal versus an agent) are recognized over the period the revenue earning equipment is rented or leased based on the terms of the rental or leasing contract. Maintenance management administrative fees are recognized monthly and maintenance management service revenue is recognized when services are performed. Revenue related to new equipment sales and consumables is recognized at the time of delivery to, or pick-up by, the customer and when collectability is reasonably assured. Fees from our licensees are recognized over the period the underlying licensees' revenue is earned (over the period the licensees' revenue earning equipment is rented). Certain truck and equipment leases are originated with the intention of syndicating to banks, and upon the sale of rights to these direct financing leases, the net gain is recorded in revenue.

Sales tax amounts collected from customers have been recorded on a net basis.

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Other

We consider all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

In our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, we net cash flows from revolving borrowings in the line item "Proceeds (payments) under the revolving lines of credit, net." The contractual maturities of such borrowings may exceed 90 days in certain cases.

Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents

Restricted cash and cash equivalents includes cash and cash equivalents that are not readily available for our normal disbursements. Restricted cash and cash equivalents are restricted for the purchase of revenue earning vehicles and other specified uses under our Fleet Debt facilities, for our Like-Kind Exchange Program, or "LKE Program," and to satisfy certain of our self-insurance regulatory reserve requirements. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the portion of total restricted cash and cash equivalents that was associated with our Fleet Debt facilities was $213.6 million and $115.6 million, respectively. The increase in restricted cash and cash equivalents associated with our fleet debt of $98.0 million from December 31, 2010 to December 31, 2011, primarily related to the timing of purchases and sales of revenue earning vehicles.

Receivables

Receivables are stated net of allowances for doubtful accounts, and represent credit extended to manufacturers and customers that satisfy defined credit criteria. The estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts is based on our historical experience and our judgment as to the likelihood of ultimate payment. Actual receivables are written-off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when we determine the balance will not be collected. Bad debt expense is reflected as a component of Selling, general and administrative in our consolidated statements of operations.

[p. 94]
HERTZ GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

Depreciable Assets

The provisions for depreciation and amortization are computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, or in the case of revenue earning equipment over the estimated holding period, as follows:

Revenue Earning Equipment:
Cars | 4 to 26 months
Other equipment | 24 to 108 months
Buildings | 3 to 50 years
Furniture and fixtures | 1 to 15 years
Capitalized internal use software | 1 to 15 years
Service cars and service equipment | 1 to 13 years
Other intangible assets | 3 to 20 years
Leasehold improvements | The shorter of their economic lives or the lease term.

We follow the practice of charging maintenance and repairs, including the cost of minor replacements, to maintenance expense accounts. Costs of major replacements of units of property are capitalized to property and equipment accounts and depreciated on the basis indicated above. Gains and losses on dispositions of property and equipment are included in income as realized. During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, gains from the dispositions of property and equipment of $43.1 million and $5.7 million, respectively, were included in Direct operating in our consolidated statements of operations.

Generally, when revenue earning equipment is acquired, we estimate the period that we will hold the asset, primarily based on historical measures of the amount of rental activity (e.g., automobile mileage and equipment usage) and the targeted age of equipment at the time of disposal. We also estimate the residual value of the applicable revenue earning equipment at the expected time of disposal. The residual values for rental vehicles are affected by many factors, including make, model and options, age, physical condition, mileage, sale location, time of the year and channel of disposition (e.g., auction, retail, dealer direct). The residual value for rental equipment is affected by factors which include equipment age and amount of usage. Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated holding period. Depreciation rates are reviewed on a quarterly basis based on management's ongoing assessment of present and estimated future market conditions, their effect on residual values at the time of disposal and the estimated holding periods. Market conditions for used vehicle and equipment sales can also be affected by external factors such as the economy, natural disasters, fuel prices and incentives offered by manufacturers of new cars. These key factors are considered when estimating future residual values and assessing depreciation rates. As a result of this ongoing assessment, we make periodic adjustments to depreciation rates of revenue earning equipment in response to changed market conditions. Upon disposal of revenue earning equipment, depreciation expense is adjusted for the difference between the net proceeds received and the remaining net book value.

Within our Donlen subsidiary, revenue earning equipment is under longer term lease agreements with our customers. These leases contain provisions whereby we have a contracted residual value guaranteed to us by the lessee, such that we do not experience any gains or losses on the disposal of these vehicles. Therefore depreciation rates on these vehicles are not adjusted at any point in time per the associated lease contract.

[p. 95]
HERTZ GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

Environmental Liabilities

The use of automobiles and other vehicles is subject to various governmental controls designed to limit environmental damage, including that caused by emissions and noise. Generally, these controls are met by the manufacturer, except in the case of occasional equipment failure requiring repair by us. To comply with environmental regulations, measures are taken at certain locations to reduce the loss of vapor during the fueling process and to maintain, upgrade and replace underground fuel storage tanks. We also incur and provide for expenses for the cleanup of petroleum discharges and other alleged violations of environmental laws arising from the disposition of waste products. We do not believe that we will be required to make any material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities or to make any other material expenditures to meet the requirements of governmental authorities in this area. Liabilities for these expenditures are recorded at undiscounted amounts when it is probable that obligations have been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated.

Public Liability and Property Damage

The obligation for public liability and property damage on self-insured U.S. and international vehicles and equipment represents an estimate for both reported accident claims not yet paid, and claims incurred but not yet reported. The related liabilities are recorded on a non-discounted basis. Reserve requirements are based on actuarial evaluations of historical accident claim experience and trends, as well as future projections of ultimate losses, expenses, premiums and administrative costs. The adequacy of the liability is regularly monitored based on evolving accident claim history and insurance related state legislation changes. If our estimates change or if actual results differ from these assumptions, the amount of the recorded liability is adjusted to reflect these results.

Pensions

Our employee pension costs and obligations are dependent on our assumptions used by actuaries in calculating such amounts. These assumptions include discount rates, salary growth, long-term return on plan assets, retirement rates, mortality rates and other factors. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, generally affect our recognized expense in such future periods. While we believe that the assumptions used are appropriate, significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in assumptions would affect our pension costs and obligations.

Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions

Assets and liabilities of international subsidiaries are translated at the rate of exchange in effect on the balance sheet date; income and expenses are translated at the average rate of exchange prevailing during the year. The related translation adjustments are reflected in "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" in the equity section of our consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the accumulated foreign currency translation gain was $91.3 million and $114.9 million, respectively. Foreign currency gains and losses resulting from transactions are included in earnings.

Derivative Instruments

We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in interest rates, gasoline and diesel fuel prices and foreign currency exchange rates. We manage our exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments are viewed as risk management

[p. 96]
HERTZ GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

tools and have not been used for speculative or trading purposes. In addition, derivative financial instruments are entered into with a diversified group of major financial institutions in order to manage our exposure to counterparty nonperformance on such instruments. We account for all derivatives in accordance with GAAP, which requires that all derivatives be recorded on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at their fair value. The effective portion of changes in fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. The ineffective portion is recognized currently in earnings within the same line item as the hedged item, based upon the nature of the hedged item. For derivative instruments that are not part of a qualified hedging relationship, the changes in their fair value are recognized currently in earnings. See Note 13—Financial Instruments.

Income Taxes

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statement of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Subsequent changes to enacted tax rates and changes to the global mix of earnings will result in changes to the tax rates used to calculate deferred taxes and any related valuation allowances. Provisions are not made for income taxes on undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries that are intended to be indefinitely reinvested outside the United States or are expected to be remitted free of taxes. Future distributions, if any, from these international subsidiaries to the United States or changes in U.S. tax rules may require a change to reflect tax on these amounts. See Note 8—Taxes on Income.

Advertising

Advertising and sales promotion costs are expensed the first time the advertising or sales promotion takes place. Advertising costs are reflected as a component of "Selling, general and administrative" in our consolidated statements of operations and for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 were $145.8 million, $133.8 million and $113.1 million, respectively.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Intangibles

We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the goodwill may not be recoverable, and also review goodwill annually, using a two-step process. The first step is to identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of the reporting unit to its fair value. We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow methodology. The cash flows represent management's most recent planning assumptions. These assumptions are based on a combination of industry outlooks, views on general economic conditions, our expected pricing plans and expected future savings generated by our ongoing restructuring activities. If a potential impairment is identified, the second step is to compare the implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount to measure the impairment loss. The fair values of the assets are based upon our estimates of the discounted cash flows. An impairment charge is recognized for the amount, if any, by which the carrying value of an asset exceeds its implied fair value.

[p. 97]
HERTZ GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

Long-lived assets, other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of long-lived assets may not be recoverable. The recoverability of these assets are based upon our estimates of the undiscounted cash flows that are expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. An impairment charge is recognized for the amount, if any, by which the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value.

Those intangible assets considered to have indefinite useful lives, including our trade name, are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis, by comparing the fair value of the intangible assets to their carrying value. In addition, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of intangible assets might not be recoverable, we will perform an impairment review. We estimate the fair value of our indefinite lived intangible assets using the relief from royalty method. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives and reviewed for impairment in accordance with GAAP. We conducted the impairment review during the fourth quarter of 2011 and concluded that there was no impairment related to our goodwill and our other intangible assets. See Note 3—Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.

Stock-Based Compensation

We measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. That cost is to be recognized over the period during which the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. We have estimated the fair value of options issued at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which includes assumptions related to volatility, expected life, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate. See Note 6—Stock-Based Compensation.

We are using equity accounting for restricted stock unit and performance stock unit awards. For restricted stock units the expense is based on the grant-date fair value of the stock and the number of shares that vest, recognized over the service period. For performance stock units the expense is based on the grant-date fair value of the stock, recognized over a two or three year service period depending upon a performance condition. For performance stock units, we re-assess the probability of achievement at each reporting period and adjust the recognition of expense accordingly. The performance condition is not considered in determining the grant date fair value.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In June 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or "FASB," issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05, "Presentation of Comprehensive Income," requiring companies to present items of net income and other comprehensive income either in one continuous statement, referred to as the statement of comprehensive income, or in two separate, but consecutive statements of net income and other comprehensive income. The amendments in this update do not change the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income or when an item of other comprehensive income must be reclassified to net income. These provisions will become effective for us beginning with our quarterly report for the period ended March 31, 2012. In December 2011, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-12, "Deferral of the Effective Date for Amendments to the Presentation of Reclassifications of Items Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income in Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05," which defers only those changes in Update 2011-05 that relate to the presentation of reclassification adjustments.

[p. 98]
HERTZ GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

In September 2011, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-08, "Testing Goodwill for Impairment," which gives companies the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, an entity determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. We did not avail ourselves of this option for our goodwill impairment test which was performed in the fourth quarter of 2011.
