SOURCE: Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (CIK 1364479), Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, filed 2012-02-27. Item 1A. Risk Factors. https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1364479/000104746912001623/a2207464z10-k.htm

[p. 26]

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information in this Annual Report, you should carefully consider each of the following risks and uncertainties. Any of the following risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flow and we believe that the following information identifies the material risks and uncertainties affecting our company; however, the following risks and uncertainties are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us and it is possible that other risks and uncertainties might significantly impact us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, liquidity and cash flows.

Risks Related to Our Business

Our car rental business, which provides the majority of our revenues, is particularly sensitive to reductions in the levels of airline passenger travel, and reductions in air travel could materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows.

The car rental industry is particularly affected by reductions in business and leisure travel, especially with respect to levels of airline passenger traffic. Reductions in levels of air travel, whether caused by general economic conditions, airfare increases (such as due to capacity reductions or increases in fuel costs borne by commercial airlines) or other events (such as work stoppages, military conflicts, terrorist incidents, natural disasters, epidemic diseases, or the response of governments to any of these events) could materially adversely affect us.

We face intense competition that may lead to downward pricing or an inability to increase prices.

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We believe that price is one of the primary competitive factors in the car and equipment rental markets and that the Internet has enabled cost-conscious customers, including business travelers, to more easily compare rates available from rental companies. If we try to increase our pricing, our competitors, some of whom may have greater resources and better access to capital than us, may seek to compete aggressively on the basis of pricing. In addition, our competitors may reduce prices in order to attempt to gain a competitive advantage or to compensate for declines in rental activity. To the extent we do not match or remain within a reasonable competitive margin of our competitors' pricing, our revenues and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If competitive pressures lead us to match any of our competitors' downward pricing and we are not able to reduce our operating costs, then our margins, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely impacted. Additionally, we could be further affected if we are not able to adjust the size of our car rental fleet in response to changes in demand, whether such changes are due to competition or otherwise. See "Item 1—Business—Worldwide Car Rental—Competition" and "Item 1—Business—Worldwide Equipment Rental—Competition" in this Annual Report.

Our business is highly seasonal and any occurrence that disrupts rental activity during our peak periods could materially adversely affect our liquidity, cash flows and results of operations.

Certain significant components of our expenses are fixed in the short-term, including minimum concession fees, real estate taxes, rent, insurance, utilities, maintenance and other facility-related expenses, the costs of operating our information technology systems and minimum staffing costs. Seasonal changes in our revenues do not alter those fixed expenses, typically resulting in higher profitability in periods when our revenues are higher. The second and third quarters of the year have historically been our strongest quarters due to their increased levels of leisure travel and construction activity. Any occurrence that disrupts rental activity during the second or third quarters could have a disproportionately material adverse effect on our liquidity, cash flows and results of operations.

[p. 27]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

A material downsizing of our rental car fleet could require us to make additional cash payments for tax liabilities, which could be material.

The Like-Kind Exchange Program, or "LKE Program," allows tax gains on the disposition of vehicles in our car rental fleet to be deferred and has resulted in deferrals of federal and state income taxes for prior years. If a qualified replacement vehicle is not purchased within a specific time period after vehicle disposal, then taxable gain is recognized. A material and extended reduction in vehicle purchases or a downsizing of our car rental fleet, for any reason, could result in fewer qualified replacement vehicles and therefore could result in reduced tax deferrals in the future, which in turn could require us to make material cash payments for U.S. federal and state income tax liabilities. In August 2010, we elected to temporarily suspend the U.S. car rental LKE Program. See "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Income Taxes" in this Annual Report.

If we are unable to purchase adequate supplies of competitively priced cars or equipment and the cost of the cars or equipment we purchase increases, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.

We are not a party to any long-term car supply arrangements with manufacturers. The price and other terms at which we can acquire cars thus varies based on market and other conditions. For example, certain car manufacturers have in the past, and may in the future, utilize strategies to de-emphasize sales to the car rental industry, which can negatively impact our ability to obtain cars on competitive terms and conditions. Consequently, there is no guarantee that we can purchase a sufficient number of vehicles at competitive prices and on competitive terms and conditions. Reduced or limited supplies of equipment together with increased prices are risks that we also face in our equipment rental business. If we are unable to obtain an adequate supply of cars or equipment, or if we obtain less favorable pricing and other terms when we acquire cars or equipment and are unable to pass on any increased costs to our customers, then our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.

Declines in the value of the non-program cars in our fleet and declines in the overall number of program cars in our fleet could materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows.

Over the last few years the percentage of "program cars" in our car rental fleet (that is, cars that are subject to repurchase by car manufacturers under contractual repurchase or guaranteed depreciation programs) has decreased. For the year ended December 31, 2011, 48% of the vehicles purchased for our combined U.S. and international car rental fleets were program cars. We expect this percentage to continue to decrease in the future.

With respect to program cars, manufacturers agree to repurchase these cars at a specified price or guarantee the depreciation rate on the cars during a specified time period. Therefore, with fewer program cars in our fleet, we have an increased risk that the market value of a car at the time of its disposition will be less than its estimated residual value at such time. Any decrease in residual values with respect to our non-program cars and equipment (prior to disposition) could also materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows.

The use of program cars enables us to determine our depreciation expense in advance and this is useful to us because depreciation is a significant cost factor in our operations. Using program cars is also useful in managing our seasonal peak demand for fleet, because in certain cases we can sell certain program cars shortly after having acquired them at a higher value than what we could for a similar non-program car at that time. With fewer program cars in our fleet, these benefits have diminished.

[p. 28]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

Accordingly, we are now bearing increased risk relating to residual value and the related depreciation on our car rental fleet and our flexibility to reduce the size of our fleet by returning cars sooner than originally expected without the risk of loss in the event of an economic downturn or to respond to changes in rental demand has been reduced.

The failure of a manufacturer of our program cars to fulfill its obligations under a repurchase or guaranteed depreciation program could expose us to loss on those program cars and materially adversely affect certain of our financing arrangements, which could in turn materially adversely affect our liquidity, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

If any manufacturer of our program cars does not fulfill its obligations under its repurchase or guaranteed depreciation agreement with us, whether due to default, reorganization, bankruptcy or otherwise, then we would have to dispose of those program cars without receiving the benefits of the associated programs (we could be left with a substantial unpaid claim against the manufacturer with respect to program cars that were sold and returned to the manufacturer but not paid for, or that were sold for less than their agreed repurchase price or guaranteed value) and we would also be exposed to residual risk with respect to these cars.

The failure by a manufacturer to pay such amounts could cause a credit enhancement deficiency with respect to our asset-backed and asset-based financing arrangements, requiring us to either reduce the outstanding principal amount of debt or provide more collateral (in the form of cash, vehicles and/or certain other contractual rights) to the creditors under any such affected arrangement.

If one or more manufacturers were to adversely modify or eliminate repurchase or guaranteed depreciation programs in the future, our access to and the terms of asset-backed and asset-based debt financing could be adversely affected, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

We may not be successful in implementing our strategy of further reducing operating costs and our cost reduction initiatives may have adverse consequences.

We are continuing to implement initiatives to reduce our operating expenses. These initiatives may include headcount reductions, business process outsourcing, business process re-engineering, internal reorganization and other expense controls. We cannot assure you that our cost reduction initiatives will achieve any further success. Whether or not successful, our cost reduction initiatives involve significant expenses and we expect to incur further expenses associated with these initiatives, some of which may be material in the period in which they are incurred.

Even if we achieve further success with our cost reduction initiatives, we face risks associated with our initiatives, including declines in employee morale or the level of customer service we provide, the efficiency of our operations or the effectiveness of our internal controls. Any of these risks could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows.

An impairment of our goodwill or our indefinite lived intangible assets could have a material non-cash adverse impact on our results of operations.

We review our goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable and at least annually. If economic deterioration occurs, then we may be required to record charges for goodwill or indefinite lived intangible asset impairments in the future, which could have a material adverse non-cash impact on our results of operations.

[p. 29]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

Significant increases in fuel prices or reduced supplies of fuel could harm our business.

Significant increases in fuel prices, reduced fuel supplies or the imposition of mandatory allocations or rationing of fuel could negatively impact our car rental business by discouraging consumers from renting cars, changing the types of cars our customers rent from us or the other services they purchase from us or disrupting air travel, on which a significant portion of our car rental business relies. In addition, significant increases in fuel prices or a reduction in fuel supplies could negatively impact our equipment rental business by increasing the cost of buying new equipment, since fuel is used in the manufacturing process and in delivering equipment to us, and by reducing the mobility of our fleet, due to higher costs of transporting equipment between facilities or regions. Accordingly, significant increases in fuel prices or reduced supplies of fuel could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our foreign operations expose us to risks that may materially adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and cash flows.

A significant portion of our annual revenues are generated outside the United States, and we intend to pursue additional international growth opportunities. Operating in many different countries exposes us to varying risks, which include: (i) multiple, and sometimes conflicting, foreign regulatory requirements and laws that are subject to change and are often much different than the domestic laws in the United States, including laws relating to taxes, automobile-related liability, insurance rates, insurance products, consumer privacy, data security, employment matters, cost and fee recovery, and the protection of our trademarks and other intellectual property; (ii) the effect of foreign currency translation risk, as well as limitations on our ability to repatriate income; (iii) varying tax regimes, including consequences from changes in applicable tax laws; (iv) local ownership or investment requirements, as well as difficulties in obtaining financing in foreign countries for local operations; and (v) political and economic instability, natural calamities, war, and terrorism. The effects of these risks may, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and ability to diversify internationally.

Manufacturer safety recalls could create risks to our business.

Our cars may be subject to safety recalls by their manufacturers. A recall may cause us to retrieve cars from renters and decline to rent recalled cars until we can arrange for the steps described in the recall to be taken. We could also face liability claims if a recall affects cars that we have sold. If a large number of cars are the subject of a recall or if needed replacement parts are not in adequate supply, we may not be able to rent recalled cars for a significant period of time. Those types of disruptions could jeopardize our ability to fulfill existing contractual commitments or satisfy demand for our vehicles, and could also result in the loss of business to our competitors. Depending on the severity of any recall, it could materially adversely affect our revenues, create customer service problems, reduce the residual value of the recalled cars and harm our general reputation.

Our business is heavily reliant upon communications networks and centralized information technology systems and the concentration of our systems creates risks for us.

We rely heavily on communication networks and information technology systems to accept reservations, process rental and sales transactions, manage our fleets of cars and equipment, manage our financing arrangements, account for our activities and otherwise conduct our business. Our reliance on these networks and systems exposes us to various risks that could cause a loss of reservations, interfere with our ability to manage our fleet, slow rental and sales processes, comply with our financing arrangements and otherwise materially adversely affect our ability to manage our business effectively.

[p. 30]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

We have centralized our reservations function for the United States in one facility in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and we have concentrated our accounting functions for the United States in two facilities in Oklahoma City. Our reservations and accounting functions for our European operations are similarly centralized in a single facility near Dublin, Ireland. In addition, our major information technology systems are centralized in two facilities in Oklahoma City. Any disruption, termination or substandard provision of these services, whether as the result of localized conditions (such as a fire or explosion) or as the result of events or circumstances of broader geographic impact (such as an earthquake, storm, flood, epidemic, strike, act of war, civil unrest or terrorist act), could materially adversely affect our business by disrupting normal reservations, customer service, accounting and information technology functions or by eliminating access to financing arrangements.

The misuse or theft of information we possess could harm our brand, reputation or competitive position and give rise to material liabilities.

Because we regularly possess, store and handle non-public information about millions of individuals and businesses, our failure to maintain the security of that data, whether as the result of our own error or the malfeasance or errors of others, could harm our reputation, result in governmental investigations and give rise to a host of civil or criminal liabilities. Any such failure could lead to lower revenues, increased costs and other material adverse effects on our results of operations.

Maintaining favorable brand recognition is essential to our success, and failure to do so could materially adversely affect our results of operations.

While our "Hertz" brand name is one of the most recognized in the world, factors affecting brand recognition are often outside our control, and our efforts to maintain or enhance favorable brand recognition, such as marketing and advertising campaigns, may not have their desired effects. In addition, although our licensing partners are subject to contractual requirements to protect our brands, it may be difficult to monitor or enforce such requirements, particularly in foreign jurisdictions. Any decline in perceived favorable recognition of our brands could materially adversely affect our results of operations.

Our business operations could be significantly disrupted if we were to lose the services of members of our senior management team.

Our senior management team has extensive industry experience, and our success significantly depends upon the continued contributions of that team. If we were to lose the services of any one or more members of our senior management team, whether due to death, disability or termination of employment, our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, financial plans, marketing and other objectives, could be significantly impaired.

We may pursue strategic transactions which could be difficult to implement, disrupt our business or change our business profile significantly.

Any future strategic acquisition or disposition of assets or a business could involve numerous risks, including: (i) potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; (ii) difficulty integrating the acquired business or segregating assets to be disposed of; (iii) exposure to unknown, contingent or other liabilities, including litigation arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition or against any business we may acquire; (iv) changing our business profile in ways that could have unintended negative consequences; and (v) the failure to achieve anticipated synergies.

[p. 31]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

If we enter into significant strategic transactions, the related accounting charges may affect our financial condition and results of operations, particularly in the case of an acquisition. The financing of any significant acquisition may result in changes in our capital structure, including the incurrence of additional indebtedness. A material disposition could require the amendment or refinancing of our outstanding indebtedness or a portion thereof.

If Hertz Holdings acquires Dollar Thrifty, we will be subject to the risks and uncertainties associated with Dollar Thrifty's business and we will incur substantial amounts of additional indebtedness.

We face risks related to liabilities and insurance.

Our businesses expose us to claims for personal injury, death and property damage resulting from the use of the cars and equipment rented or sold by us, and for employment-related claims by our employees. Currently, we generally self-insure up to $10 million per occurrence in the United States and Europe for vehicle and general liability exposures, and we also maintain insurance with unaffiliated carriers in excess of such levels up to $200 million per occurrence for the current policy year, or in the case of international operations outside of Europe, in such lower amounts as we deem adequate given the risks. We cannot assure you that we will not be exposed to uninsured liability at levels in excess of our historical levels resulting from multiple payouts or otherwise, that liabilities in respect of existing or future claims will not exceed the level of our insurance, that we will have sufficient capital available to pay any uninsured claims or that insurance with unaffiliated carriers will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms or at all. See "Item 1—Business—Risk Management" and "Item 3—Legal Proceedings" in this Annual Report.

We could face significant withdrawal liability if we withdraw from participation in one or more multiemployer pension plans in which we participate and at least one multiemployer plan in which we participate is reported to have significant underfunded liabilities.

We participate in various "multiemployer" pension plans. In the event that we withdraw from participation in one of these plans, then applicable law could require us to make an additional lump-sum contribution to the plan, and we would have to reflect that as an expense in our consolidated statement of operations and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. Our withdrawal liability for any multiemployer plan would depend on the extent of the plan's funding of vested benefits. At least one multiemployer plan in which we participate is reported to have, and other of our multiemployer plans could have, significant underfunded liabilities. Such underfunding may increase in the event other employers become insolvent or withdraw from the applicable plan or upon the inability or failure of withdrawing employers to pay their withdrawal liability. In addition, such underfunding may increase as a result of lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. See Note 5 to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report under the caption "Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."

Environmental laws and regulations and the costs of complying with them, or any liability or obligation imposed under them, could materially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

We are subject to federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations in connection with our operations, including with respect to the ownership and operation of tanks for the storage of petroleum products, such as gasoline, diesel fuel and motor and waste oils. We cannot assure you that our tanks will at all times remain free from leaks or that the use of these tanks will not result in significant

[p. 32]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

spills or leakage. If leakage or a spill occurs, it is possible that the resulting costs of cleanup, investigation and remediation, as well as any resulting fines, could be significant. We cannot assure you that compliance with existing or future environmental laws and regulations will not require material expenditures by us or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. See "Item 1—Business—Governmental Regulation and Environmental Matters" in this Annual Report.

The U.S. Congress and other legislative and regulatory authorities in the United States and internationally have considered, and will likely continue to consider, numerous measures related to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. Should rules establishing limitations on greenhouse gas emissions or rules imposing fees on entities deemed to be responsible for greenhouse gas emissions become effective, demand for our services could be affected, our fleet and/or other costs could increase, and our business could be adversely affected.

Changes in the U.S. legal and regulatory environment that affect our operations, including laws and regulations relating to taxes, automobile-related liability, insurance rates, insurance products, consumer privacy, data security, employment matters, cost and fee recovery, the banking and finance industry, could disrupt our business, increase our expenses or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

We are subject to a wide variety of U.S. laws and regulations and changes in the level of government regulation of our business have the potential to materially alter our business practices and materially adversely affect our financial position and results of operations, including our profitability. Those changes may come about through new laws and regulations or changes in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations.

Any new, or change in existing, U.S. law and regulation with respect to optional insurance products or policies could increase our costs of compliance or make it uneconomical to offer such products, which would lead to a reduction in revenue and profitability. See "Item 1—Business—Risk Management" in this Annual Report for further discussion regarding how changes in the regulation of insurance intermediaries may affect us. If customers decline to purchase supplemental liability insurance products from us as a result of any changes in these laws or otherwise, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Changes in the U.S. legal and regulatory environment in the areas of customer privacy, data security and cross-border data flow could have a material adverse effect on our business, primarily through the impairment of our marketing and transaction processing activities, and the resulting costs of complying with such legal and regulatory requirements. It is also possible that we could face significant liability for failing to comply with any such requirements.

In most places where we operate, we pass through various expenses, including the recovery of vehicle licensing costs and airport concession fees, to our rental customers as separate charges. We believe that our expense pass-throughs, where imposed, are properly disclosed and are lawful. However, we may in the future be subject to potential legislative, regulatory or administrative changes or actions which could limit, restrict or prohibit our ability to separately state, charge and recover vehicle licensing costs and airport concession fees, which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Certain new or proposed laws and regulations with respect to the banking and finance industries, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and amendments to Regulation AB, could restrict our access to certain financing arrangements and increase our financing

[p. 33]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows.

Investment funds associated with or designated by the Sponsors will continue to exercise significant control over our Board of Directors, management, policies and significant transactions, and may have interests that differ from our other stockholders.

Hertz Holdings is a party to an amended and restated stockholders' agreement (the "Stockholders' Agreement") among it and investment funds associated with or designated by the Sponsors. Investment funds associated with or designated by the Sponsors currently beneficially own, in the aggregate, approximately 38% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Pursuant to the Stockholders' Agreement, each of the funds has agreed to vote in favor of the other funds' nominees to our Board of Directors. The Sponsors currently exercise, and will continue to exercise, significant influence over our Board of Directors and matters requiring stockholder approval and our management, policies and affairs for so long as the investment funds associated with or designated by the Sponsors continue to hold a significant amount of our common stock. There can be no assurance that the interests of the Sponsors will not conflict with those of our other stockholders. The Sponsors currently have the ability to significantly influence the vote on any transaction that requires the approval of stockholders, including many possible change in control transactions, and may discourage or prevent any such transaction regardless of whether or not our other stockholders believe that such a transaction is in our or their own best interests.

Additionally, the Sponsors may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly with us. One or more of the Sponsors may also pursue acquisition opportunities and other corporate opportunities that may be complementary to our business and as a result, those opportunities may not be available to us.

If we consummate a merger with Dollar Thrifty, we may encounter unexpected difficulties or fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the merger.

We continue to believe that a merger with Dollar Thrifty is in the best interests of both companies. There is no assurance that if a merger is consummated, we would be able to integrate the operations of Dollar Thrifty without encountering unexpected difficulties and that we would obtain the anticipated benefits of a merger. Under those circumstances, we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to make all of the principal and interest payments under any indebtedness we incurred to consummate the merger and our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Risks Related to Our Substantial Indebtedness

Our substantial level of indebtedness could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to compete in our industry.

As of December 31, 2011, we had debt outstanding of $11,317.1 million. Our substantial indebtedness could materially adversely affect us. For example, it could: (i) make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to the holders of our outstanding debt securities and to the lenders under our various credit facilities, resulting in possible defaults on, and acceleration of, such indebtedness; (ii) be difficult to refinance or borrow additional funds in the future; (iii) require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations and investing activities to make payments on our debt, which would reduce our ability to fund working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes; (iv) increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions (such as credit-related disruptions); including interest rate fluctuations, because a portion of our borrowings are at

[p. 34]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

floating rates of interest and are not hedged against rising interest rates, or the risk that one or more of the financial institutions providing commitments under our revolving credit facilities fails to fund an extension of credit under any such facility, due to insolvency or otherwise, leaving us with less liquidity than expected; (v) place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that have proportionately less debt or comparable debt at more favorable interest rates or on better terms; and (vi) limit our ability to react to competitive pressures, or make it difficult for us to carry out capital spending that is necessary or important to our growth strategy and our efforts to improve operating margins. While the terms of the agreements and instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness contain certain restrictions upon our ability to incur additional indebtedness, they do not fully prohibit us from incurring substantial additional indebtedness and do not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. If new debt or other obligations are added to our current liability levels without a corresponding refinancing or redemption of our existing indebtedness and obligations, these risks would increase. For a description of the amounts we have available under certain of our debt facilities, see "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Credit Facilities," in this Annual Report. Our ability to manage these risks depends on financial market conditions as well as our financial and operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to a wide range of risks, including those described under "—Risks Related to Our Business."

If our capital resources (including borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and access to other refinancing indebtedness) and operating cash flows are not sufficient to pay our obligations as they mature or to fund our liquidity needs, we may be forced to do, among other things, one or more of the following:

(i)

sell certain of our assets; (ii) reduce the size of our rental fleet; (iii) reduce the percentage of program cars in our rental fleet; (iv) reduce or delay capital expenditures; (v) obtain additional equity capital; (vi) forgo business opportunities, including acquisitions and joint ventures; or (vii) restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt on or before maturity.

We cannot assure you that we would be able to accomplish any of these alternatives on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that we will maintain financing activities and cash flows sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. If we cannot refinance or otherwise pay our obligations as they mature and fund our liquidity needs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, ability to obtain financing and ability to compete in our industry could be materially adversely affected.

Our reliance on asset-backed and asset-based financing arrangements to purchase cars subjects us to a number of risks, many of which are beyond our control.

We rely significantly on asset-backed and asset-based financing to purchase cars. If we are unable to refinance or replace our existing asset-backed and asset-based financing or continue to finance new car acquisitions through asset-backed or asset-based financing on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, then our costs of financing could increase significantly and have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, interest costs, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

Our asset-backed and asset-based financing capacity could be decreased, our financing costs and interest rates could be increased, or our future access to the financial markets could be limited, as a result of risks and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, including: (i) the acceptance by credit markets of the structures and structural risks associated with our asset-backed and asset-based financing arrangements; (ii) the credit ratings provided by credit rating agencies for our asset-backed indebtedness; (iii) third parties requiring changes in the terms and structure of our asset-backed or

[p. 35]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

asset-based financing arrangements, including increased credit enhancement or required cash collateral and/or other liquid reserves; (iv) the insolvency or deterioration of the financial condition of one or more of our principal car manufacturers; or (v) changes in laws or regulations, including judicial review of issues of first impression, that negatively impact any of our asset-backed or asset-based financing arrangements.

Any reduction in the value of certain cars in our fleet could effectively increase our car fleet costs, adversely impact our profitability and potentially lead to decreased borrowing base availability in our asset-backed and certain asset-based vehicle financing facilities due to the credit enhancement requirements for such facilities, which could increase if market values for vehicles decrease below net book values for those vehicles. In addition, if disposal of vehicles in the used vehicle marketplace were to become severely limited at a time when required collateral levels were rising and as a result we failed to meet the minimum required collateral levels, the principal under our asset-backed and certain asset-based financing arrangements may be required to be repaid sooner than anticipated with vehicle disposition proceeds and lease payments we make to our special purpose financing subsidiaries. If that were to occur, the holders of our asset backed and certain asset-based debt may have the ability to exercise their right to direct the trustee to foreclose on and sell vehicles to generate proceeds sufficient to repay such debt.

The occurrence of certain events, including those described in the paragraph above, could result in the occurrence of an amortization event pursuant to which the proceeds of sales of cars that collateralize the affected asset-backed financing arrangement would be required to be applied to the payment of principal and interest on the affected facility or series, rather than being reinvested in our car rental fleet. In the case of our asset-backed financing arrangements, certain other events, including defaults by us and our affiliates in the performance of covenants set forth in the agreements governing certain fleet debt, could result in the occurrence of a liquidation event with the passing of time or immediately pursuant to which the trustee or holders of the affected asset-backed financing arrangement would be permitted to require the sale of the assets collateralizing that series. Any of these consequences could affect our liquidity and our ability to maintain sufficient fleet levels to meet customer demands and could trigger cross-defaults under certain of our other financing arrangements.

Any reduction in the value of the equipment rental fleet of HERC (which could occur due to a reduction in the size of the fleet or the value of the assets within the fleet) could not only effectively increase our equipment rental fleet costs and adversely impact our profitability, but would result in decreased borrowing base availability under certain of our asset-based financing arrangements, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity, cash flows and results of operations.

Substantially all of our consolidated assets secure certain of our outstanding indebtedness, which could materially adversely affect our debt and equity holders and our business.

Substantially all of our consolidated assets, including our car and equipment rental fleets, are subject to security interests or are otherwise encumbered for the lenders under our asset-backed and asset-based financing arrangements. As a result, the lenders under those facilities would have a prior claim on such assets in the event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or reorganization, and we may not have sufficient funds to pay in full, or at all, all of our creditors or make any amount available to holders of our equity. The same is true with respect to structurally senior obligations: in general, all liabilities and other obligations of a subsidiary must be satisfied before the assets of such subsidiary can be made available to the creditors (or equity holders) of the parent entity.

Because substantially all of our assets are encumbered under financing arrangements, our ability to incur additional secured indebtedness or to sell or dispose of assets to raise capital may be impaired,

[p. 36]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

which could have a material adverse effect on our financial flexibility and force us to attempt to incur additional unsecured indebtedness, which may not be available to us.

Restrictive covenants in certain of the agreements and instruments governing our indebtedness may materially adversely affect our financial flexibility or may have other material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

Certain of our credit facilities and other asset-based and asset-backed financing arrangements contain covenants that, among other things, restrict Hertz and its subsidiaries' ability to: (i) dispose of assets; (ii) incur additional indebtedness; (iii) incur guarantee obligations; (iv) prepay other indebtedness or amend other financing arrangements; (v) pay dividends; (vi) create liens on assets; (vii) sell assets; (viii) make investments, loans, advances or capital expenditures; (ix) make acquisitions; (x) engage in mergers or consolidations; (xi) change the business conducted by us; and (xii) engage in certain transactions with affiliates.

Our Senior ABL Facility (as defined below in Note 4 to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report under the caption "Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data") contains a financial covenant that obligates us to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio if we fail to maintain a specified minimum level of liquidity. Our ability to comply with this covenant will depend on our ongoing financial and operating performance, which in turn are subject to, among other things, the risks identified in "—Risks Related to Our Business."

The agreements governing our financing arrangements contain numerous covenants. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default under the relevant agreement, which could, in turn, cause cross-defaults under our other financing arrangements. In such event, we may be unable to borrow under the Senior ABL Facility and certain of our other financing arrangements and may not be able to repay the amounts due under such arrangements. Therefore, we would need to raise refinancing indebtedness, which may not be available to us on favorable terms, on a timely basis or at all. This could have serious consequences to our financial condition and results of operations and could cause us to become bankrupt or insolvent. Additionally, such defaults could require us to sell assets, if possible, and otherwise curtail our operations in order to pay our creditors. Such alternative measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

An increase in interest rates or in our borrowing margin would increase the cost of servicing our debt and could reduce our profitability.

A significant portion of our outstanding debt bears interest at floating rates. As a result, to the extent we have not hedged against rising interest rates, an increase in the applicable benchmark interest rates would increase our cost of servicing our debt and could materially adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations.

In addition, we regularly refinance our indebtedness. If interest rates or our borrowing margins increase between the time an existing financing arrangement was consummated and the time such financing arrangement is refinanced, the cost of servicing our debt would increase and our liquidity and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

[p. 37]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock

Hertz Holdings is a holding company with no operations of its own and depends on its subsidiaries for cash.

The operations of Hertz Holdings are conducted almost entirely through its subsidiaries and its ability to generate cash to meet its debt service obligations or to pay dividends on its common stock is dependent on the earnings and the receipt of funds from its subsidiaries via dividends or intercompany loans. However, none of the subsidiaries of Hertz Holdings are obligated to make funds available to Hertz Holdings for the payment of dividends or the service of its debt. In addition, certain states' laws and the terms of certain of our debt agreements significantly restrict, or prohibit, the ability of Hertz and its subsidiaries to pay dividends, make loans or otherwise transfer assets to Hertz Holdings, including state laws that require dividends to be paid only from surplus. If Hertz Holdings' does not receive cash from its subsidiaries, then Hertz Holdings financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

Our share price may decline if our Sponsors sell a large number of our shares or if we issue a large number of new shares.

Approximately 38% of our outstanding shares are held by our Sponsors. We have a significant number of authorized but unissued shares, including shares available for issuance pursuant to our various equity plans. A sale of a substantial number of our shares or other equity-related securities in the public market pursuant to new issuances (by us or upon the conversion of our Convertible Senior Notes (as defined below)) or by significant stockholders (such as by our Sponsors) could depress the market price of our stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. Any such sale or issuance would dilute the ownership interests of the then-existing stockholders, and could have material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or the value of the Convertible Senior Notes. The price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected by possible sales of our common stock by investors who view the Convertible Senior Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in our company and by hedging or arbitrage trading activity. In addition, the price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected if the existence of the Convertible Senior Notes encourages short selling by market participants.
