SOURCE: Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (CIK 1364479), Form 10-Q, Q1 2013 (three months ended 31 Mar 2013), filed 2013-05-02. Part I, Item 1, Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2: Basis of Presentation and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements. https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1364479/000144530513001076/hghq12013form10-q.htm

[p. 8]

Note 2—Basis of Presentation and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

Basis of Presentation

The significant accounting policies summarized in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or "SEC," on March 4, 2013, or the "Form 10-K," have been followed in preparing the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.

The December 31, 2012 condensed consolidated balance sheet data was derived from our audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or "GAAP."

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and footnotes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.

[p. 9]
HERTZ GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

Unaudited

In our opinion, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations for the interim periods have been made. Results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year.

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

In July 2012, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or "FASB," issued Accounting Standards Update, or "ASU," No. 2012-02, "Intangibles—Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment," or "ASU 2012-02" which states that an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, then the entity is not required to take further action. However, if an entity concludes otherwise, then it is required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying amount. This provision is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012. This accounting guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or financial statement disclosures.

In March 2013, the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-05, “Foreign Currency Matters (Topic 830): Parent's Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity,” or “ASU 2013-05”, which permits an entity to release cumulative translation adjustments into net income when a reporting entity (parent) ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets that is a business within a foreign entity. Accordingly, the cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income only if the sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided, or, if a controlling financial interest is no longer held. The revised standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2013. The amendments should be applied prospectively to derecognition events occurring after the effective date. Prior periods should not be adjusted. Early adoption is permitted. This accounting guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or financial statement disclosures.
