SOURCE: Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (CIK 1364479), Form 10-Q, Q2 2011 (three and six months ended 30 Jun 2011), filed 2011-08-05. Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors. https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1364479/000104746911007031/a2205046z10-q.htm

[p. 69]

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

There is no material change in the information reported under "Part I—Item 1A—Risk Factors" contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 and "Part II, Item 1A—Risk Factors" in our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q with the exception of the following:

Risks Related to Acquisition of Dollar Thrifty

If we acquire Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group, or "Dollar Thrifty," in addition to the risks described below, we may be subject to the risks and uncertainties associated with Dollar Thrifty's business. See "Item 1A—Risk Factors" in the Dollar Thrifty Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 for a discussion of these risks. This item is not incorporated by reference into this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and you should not consider the contents of this item to be a part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.

Even if the proposed acquisition of Dollar Thrifty is consummated, we may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the proposed acquisition.

We announced the Dollar Thrifty exchange offer because we believe that acquiring Dollar Thrifty will be beneficial to us and our stockholders. To realize these anticipated benefits, after the completion of the transactions contemplated by the tender offer and second-step merger, we expect to achieve significant cost savings as we integrate our respective businesses. However, there is no assurance that if the transactions contemplated by the tender offer and second-step merger are consummated, we will be able to integrate the operations of Dollar Thrifty without encountering unexpected difficulties, including unanticipated costs, difficulty in retaining customers, challenges associated with information technology integration, and failure to retain key employees. We may also incur substantial delays or costs in connection with the completion of the transactions contemplated by the tender offer and second-step merger. Additionally, as a condition to their approval of our acquisition of Dollar Thrifty, regulatory agencies may impose requirements, limitations or costs or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined company's business. Any or all of the preceding could jeopardize our ability to obtain the anticipated benefits of the transactions contemplated by the tender offer and

[p. 70]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

second-step merger, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price, financial condition and results of operations.

We will incur a substantial amount of indebtedness to acquire the shares of Dollar Thrifty common stock pursuant to the offer and second-step merger, to refinance a portion of Dollar Thrifty's outstanding indebtedness, and to pay related fees and expenses.

We cannot guarantee that the combined company will be able to generate sufficient cash flow to make all of the principal and interest payments under this indebtedness when such payments are due or that it will be able to refinance such indebtedness.
