SOURCE: Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (CIK 1364479), Form 10-Q, Q3 2011 (three and nine months ended 30 Sep 2011), filed 2011-11-07. Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors. https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1364479/000104746911009145/a2206040z10-q.htm

[p. 74]

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

There is no material change in the information reported under "Part I—Item 1A—Risk Factors" contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 and "Part II, Item 1A—Risk Factors" in our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q with the exception of the following:

Risks Related to Our Substantial Indebtedness

Our substantial level of indebtedness could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and ability to compete in our industry.

As of September 30, 2011, we had debt outstanding of $12,506.3 million. Our substantial indebtedness could materially adversely affect us. For example, it could: (i) make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to the holders of our outstanding debt securities and to the lenders under our various credit facilities, resulting in possible defaults on, and acceleration of, such indebtedness; (ii) limit our ability to refinance our existing indebtedness or borrow additional funds in the future; (iii) require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to make payments on our debt, which would reduce our ability to fund working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes; (iv) increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions (such as credit-related disruptions in Europe); including interest rate fluctuations, because a portion of our borrowings are at floating rates of interest and are not hedged against rising interest rates, or the risk that one or more of the financial institutions providing commitments under our revolving credit facilities fails to fund an extension of credit under any such facility, due to insolvency or otherwise, leaving us with less liquidity than expected; (v) place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that have proportionately less debt or comparable debt at more favorable interest rates or on better terms; and (vi) limit our ability to react to competitive pressures, or make it difficult for us to carry out capital spending that is necessary or important to our growth strategy and our efforts to improve operating margins. While the terms of the agreements and instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness contain certain restrictions upon our ability to incur additional indebtedness, they do not fully prohibit us from incurring substantial additional indebtedness and do not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. If new debt or other obligations are added to our current liability levels without a corresponding refinancing or redemption of our existing indebtedness and obligations, these risks would increase. For a description of the amounts we have available under certain of our debt facilities,

[p. 75]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

see "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Credit Facilities," in this Annual Report. Our ability to manage these risks depends on financial market conditions as well as our financial and operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to a wide range of risks, including those described under "—Risks Related to Our Business."

If our capital resources (including borrowings under the revolving portion of our various credit facilities and access to other refinancing indebtedness) and operating cash flows are not sufficient to pay our obligations as they mature or to fund our liquidity needs, we may be forced to do, among other things, one or more of the following:

(i) sell certain of our assets; (ii) reduce the size of our rental fleet; (iii) reduce the percentage of program cars in our rental fleet; (iv) reduce or delay capital expenditures; (iv) obtain additional equity capital; (v) forgo business opportunities, including acquisitions and joint ventures; or (vi) restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt on or before maturity.

We cannot assure you that we would be able to accomplish any of these alternatives on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that we will maintain financing activities and cash flows sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. If we cannot refinance or otherwise pay our obligations as they mature and fund our liquidity needs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to obtain financing, and ability to compete in our industry could be materially adversely affected.
