SOURCE: Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (CIK 1364479), Form 10-Q, Q3 2012 (three and nine months ended 30 Sep 2012), filed 2012-11-02. Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors. https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1364479/000144530512003378/hghq32012form10-q.htm

[p. 63]

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

There is no material change in the information reported under "Part I—Item 1A—Risk Factors" contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 with the exception of the following:

Our substantial level of indebtedness could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to compete in our industry.

As of September 30, 2012, we had debt outstanding of $12,720.9 million. We also expect to incur an additional $1.95 billion in indebtedness in connection with the acquisition of Dollar Thrifty, or the “Dollar Thrifty Acquisition.” As of June 30, 2012, Dollar Thrifty's indebtedness was approximately $1.56 billion, which we expect to assume in connection with the Dollar Thrifty acquisition. Our substantial indebtedness could materially adversely affect us. For example, it could: (i) make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to the holders of our outstanding debt securities and to the lenders under our various credit facilities, resulting in possible defaults on, and acceleration of, such indebtedness; (ii) be difficult to refinance or borrow additional funds in the future; (iii) require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations and investing activities to make payments on our debt, which would reduce our ability to fund working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes; (iv) increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions (such as credit‑related disruptions); including interest rate fluctuations, because a portion of our borrowings are at floating rates of interest and are not hedged against rising interest rates, and the risk that one or more of the financial institutions providing commitments under our revolving credit facilities fails to fund an extension of credit under any such facility, due to insolvency or otherwise, leaving us with less liquidity than expected; (v) place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that have proportionately less debt or comparable debt at more favorable interest rates or on better terms; and (vi) limit our ability to react to competitive pressures, or make it difficult for us to carry out capital spending that is necessary or important to our growth strategy and our efforts to improve operating margins. While the terms of the agreements and instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness contain certain restrictions upon our ability to incur additional indebtedness, they do not fully prohibit us from incurring substantial additional indebtedness and do not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. If new debt or other obligations are added to our current liability levels without a corresponding refinancing or redemption of our existing indebtedness and obligations, these risks would increase. For a description of the amounts we have available under certain of our debt facilities, see “Item 7-Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity and Capital Resources-Credit Facilities” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and “Note 7-Debt” to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements included in this report.

Our ability to manage these risks depends on financial market conditions as well as our financial and operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to a wide range of risks, including those described under “-Risks Related to Our Business” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011.

If our capital resources (including borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and access to other refinancing indebtedness) and operating cash flows are not sufficient to pay our obligations as they mature or to fund our liquidity needs, we may be forced to do, among other things, one or more of the following: (i) sell certain of our assets; (ii) reduce the size of our rental fleet; (iii) reduce the percentage of program cars in our rental fleet; (iv) reduce or delay capital

[p. 64]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

expenditures; (v) obtain additional equity capital; (vi) forgo business opportunities, including acquisitions and joint ventures; or (vii) restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt on or before maturity.

We cannot assure you that we would be able to accomplish any of these alternatives on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that we will maintain financing activities and cash flows sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. If we cannot refinance or otherwise pay our obligations as they mature and fund our liquidity needs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, ability to obtain financing and ability to compete in our industry could be materially adversely affected.

Risks Related to Acquisition of Dollar Thrifty

Following the acquisition of Dollar Thrifty, in addition to the risks described above and the risks described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, we may be subject to the risks and uncertainties associated with Dollar Thrifty's business. See "Item 1A-Risk Factors" in the Dollar Thrifty Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 for a discussion of these risks. This item is not incorporated by reference into this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and you should not consider the contents of this item to be a part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.

We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition.

Hertz Holdings entered into a Merger Agreement with Dollar Thrifty, or the “Merger Agreement,” because we believe that the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition will be beneficial to us and Hertz Holdings' stockholders. To realize these anticipated benefits, after the completion of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition, we expect to achieve significant cost savings as we integrate our respective businesses. However, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with combining the operations of Hertz and Dollar Thrifty and there is no assurance that we will be able to integrate the operations of Dollar Thrifty without encountering unexpected difficulties, including unanticipated costs, difficulty in retaining customers, challenges associated with information technology integration and failure to retain key employees. We may also incur substantial delays or costs in connection with the completion of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition, including with respect to any legal proceedings instituted against us or Dollar Thrifty as a result of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition. Class action lawsuits were filed seeking to block consummation of the 2010 proposed merger between Hertz Holdings and Dollar Thrifty. One of those lawsuits is still pending; however, the remaining lead plaintiff has moved for dismissal. Similar lawsuits may be filed with respect to the currently proposed Dollar Thrifty Acquisition. Additionally, as a condition to their approval of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition, regulatory agencies may impose requirements, limitations or costs or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined company's business. Any or all of the preceding could materially adversely affect the synergies and other benefits that we expect to achieve in connection with the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition or increase the cost or time to complete the integration of Dollar Thrifty's business into our own, which could jeopardize our ability to obtain the anticipated benefits of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Combining the businesses of Hertz and Dollar Thrifty may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected, which may adversely affect our results following the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition.

Hertz Holdings and Dollar Thrifty have entered into the Merger Agreement because they believe that the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition will be beneficial to their respective companies and stockholders. The success of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining the businesses of Hertz and Dollar Thrifty. To realize these anticipated benefits and cost savings, we must successfully combine the businesses of Hertz and Dollar Thrifty in an efficient and effective manner. In addition, we must obtain amendments or waivers to certain of Dollar Thrifty's debt agreements to permit us to use Dollar Thrifty's rental vehicles in order to maximize our sharing of Dollar Thrifty's fleet. Also, Dollar Thrifty must obtain the consent of certain of its counterparties from some of the Dollar Thrifty contracts that have provisions that require Dollar Thrifty to obtain the consent of Dollar Thrifty's counterparty in connection with the completion of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition or give Dollar Thrifty's counterparty the right to terminate the contract in connection with the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition. If we and Dollar Thrifty are not able to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected.

Hertz and Dollar Thrifty have operated and, until completion of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition, will continue to operate, independently. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of each company's ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely

[p. 65]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, employees, suppliers and franchisees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition.

Specifically, issues that must be addressed in integrating the operations of Dollar Thrifty into our operations in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition include, among other things:

• | integrating and optimizing the utilization of the rental vehicle fleets and related financing of Hertz and Dollar Thrifty;

• | integrating the marketing, promotion, reservation and information technology systems of Hertz and Dollar Thrifty;

• | conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures between the companies;

• | consolidating the automotive purchasing, maintenance and resale operations;

• | consolidating corporate and administrative functions;

• | consolidating sales and marketing operations; and

• | identifying and eliminating redundant and underperforming operations and assets.

Integration efforts between the two companies will also divert management attention and resources. An inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect upon the revenues, level of expenses and operating results of Hertz after the completion of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition. Our ability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition will also be subject to its contractual obligations to Dollar Thrifty with respect to Dollar Thrifty's employees following the consummation of the Tender Offer.

In addition, the actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated benefits of the integration plan may not be realized. Actual synergies, if achieved at all, may be lower than what we expect and may take longer to achieve than anticipated. If we are not able to adequately address these challenges, we may be unable to successfully integrate Dollar Thrifty's operations into its own, or to realize the anticipated benefits of the integration of the two companies.

Because Dollar Thrifty will become a wholly‑owned subsidiary of Hertz upon completion of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition, certain existing indebtedness of Dollar Thrifty and its subsidiaries, if not refinanced, amended or repaid, may decrease our business flexibility, reduce our ability to incur additional indebtedness, affect our existing debt covenants, increase our borrowing costs or result in repayment or collateralization obligations.

Certain of Dollar Thrifty's existing indebtedness is expected to be outstanding upon completion of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition, including most of Dollar Thrifty's existing fleet financing. As of June 30, 2012, Dollar Thrifty's indebtedness was approximately $1.56 billion. The agreements governing Dollar Thrifty's indebtedness differ from those governing our indebtedness and in certain respects could require waivers, amendments or refinancing of the Dollar Thrifty indebtedness. In addition, certain existing or future fleet financing facilities of Dollar Thrifty's securitization subsidiaries contain or may contain at closing change in control and other provisions that could result in the commencement of rapid amortization periods under such agreements after or upon consummation of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition. Also, in connection with any termination of Dollar Thrifty's senior secured credit facility, we will need to make other arrangements with respect to related outstanding letters of credit and hedging agreements. Although we and Dollar Thrifty will try to resolve any such conflicts prior to closing, there can be no assurance that such conflicts will be resolved by that time or at the anticipated cost or that any refinancing may be obtained on favorable terms. In addition, the failure to effect any such refinancing, if required, on favorable terms may, among other things, have the effect of reducing our liquidity or operational flexibility and have a material adverse effect on the combined company including the ability to obtain further financing, take advantage of certain growth opportunities and respond to comparatively better financed competitors. See “Risks Factors-Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to compete in our industry.”

Satisfying the conditions under Dollar Thrifty's existing fleet financing arrangements to permit the sharing of rental vehicles and achieve optimal business sharing synergies may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected, which may adversely affect our operations and financial results.

Some of the potential synergies from the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition that we have identified are expected to come from the sharing of rental vehicles. However, to permit such fleet sharing, certain conditions precedent specified under Dollar

[p. 66]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued)

Thrifty's existing fleet financing would need to be satisfied. Such conditions include, among other things, obtaining certain confirmations from each of the rating agencies rating each series of rental car asset backed medium term notes, as well as Dollar Thrifty's conduit fleet financing. Although Dollar Thrifty has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to assist and cooperate with us in satisfying these conditions, there can be no assurance that such conditions will be satisfied on the desired terms and timing, or at all. If some or all of these conditions are not satisfied in a timely fashion or at all, then some of these synergies and the anticipated benefit of these synergies to the combined company will be diminished or unavailable.

If Hertz Holdings is unable to complete the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition, then our expected financial results could be adversely affected.

Consummation of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition is subject to the tender of at least a majority of the shares of Dollar Thrifty common stock, as well as other customary closing conditions. The successful completion of the transaction is also subject to regulatory clearance by the Federal Trade Commission. If any condition to the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition is not satisfied or waived, the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition will not be completed. Hertz Holdings and Dollar Thrifty also may terminate the Merger Agreement under certain circumstances. To the extent the transaction is not completed for any reason, we would have devoted substantial resources and management attention to the transaction without realizing the accompanying benefits expected by our management, and our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.

In order to obtain the regulatory approvals required to complete the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition, we and Dollar Thrifty may be required to comply with material restrictions or conditions that may negatively affect the combined company after the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition is completed.

Completion of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition is conditioned upon the receipt of certain governmental approvals, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the Hart-Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.

The governmental authorities from which the requisite governmental approvals are required may impose conditions on the completion of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition or require changes to the terms of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, consistent with the companies' exercise of reasonable best efforts to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, Hertz Holdings is required to take any and all actions required pursuant to the proposed consent agreement currently under discussion between Hertz Holdings and the staff of the United States Federal Trade Commission; provided that each such action shall be conditioned upon the consummation of the merger. The proposed consent agreement would require Hertz Holdings to, among other actions, take steps to divest its Advantage business, selected Dollar Thrifty airport concessions and certain other assets, contingent on a successful completion of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition. Hertz Holdings has reached a definitive agreement with Adreca Holdings Corp., a subsidiary of Macquarie Capital which is expected to be operated by Franchise Services of North America Inc., providing for such contingent divestitures. There is no guarantee that regulatory authorities will not impose additional conditions to the consummation of the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition, such as divestiture of additional assets. If Hertz Holdings becomes subject to any additional material conditions in order to obtain any approvals required to complete the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition, the business and results of operations of the combined company could be adversely affected, or the Dollar Thrifty Acquisition may not be completed.
