SOURCE: Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (CIK 1364479), Form 10-Q, Q3 2012 (three and nine months ended 30 Sep 2012), filed 2012-11-02. Part I, Item 1, Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 1: Background. https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1364479/000144530512003378/hghq32012form10-q.htm

[p. 7]

Note 1—Background

Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., or "Hertz Holdings," is our top-level holding company. The Hertz Corporation, or "Hertz," is our primary operating company and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Hertz Investors, Inc., which is wholly-owned by Hertz Holdings. "We," "us" and "our" mean Hertz Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Hertz.

We are a successor to corporations that have been engaged in the car and truck rental and leasing business since 1918 and the equipment rental business since 1965. Hertz was incorporated in Delaware in 1967. Ford Motor Company acquired an ownership interest in Hertz in 1987. Prior to this, Hertz was a subsidiary of United Continental Holdings, Inc. (formerly Allegis Corporation), which acquired Hertz's outstanding capital stock from RCA Corporation in 1985. Hertz Holdings was incorporated in Delaware in 2005 and had no operations prior to the Acquisition (as defined below).

On December 21, 2005, investment funds associated with or designated by:

• | Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, Inc., which was succeeded by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC, or "CD&R,"

• | The Carlyle Group, or "Carlyle," and

• | Merrill Lynch Global Private Equity, Inc., or "MLGPE,"

acquired all of Hertz's common stock from Ford Holdings LLC. In January 2009, Bank of America Corporation, or "Bank of America," acquired Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., the former parent company of MLGPE. Accordingly, Bank of America is now an indirect beneficial owner of our common stock held by the investment funds associated with MLGPE. We refer to CD&R, Carlyle and MLGPE collectively as the "Sponsors." We refer to the acquisition of all of Hertz's common stock by the Sponsors as the "Acquisition."

After giving effect to our initial public offering in November 2006 and subsequent offerings, the Sponsors' holdings represent approximately 38% of the outstanding shares of common stock of Hertz Holdings as of September 30, 2012.

On September 1, 2011, Hertz completed the acquisition of Donlen Corporation, or "Donlen," a leading provider of fleet leasing and management services.

On December 31, 2011, Hertz purchased the noncontrolling interest of Navigation Solutions, L.L.C., thereby increasing its ownership interest from 65% to 100%.

On August 26, 2012, Hertz Holdings, HDTMS, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Hertz Holdings, and Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or "Dollar Thrifty," entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, or the "Merger Agreement," pursuant to which Hertz Holdings would acquire Dollar Thrifty for $87.50 per share, net to the seller in cash, without any interest and less any required withholding taxes, in a transaction valued at a corporate enterprise value of approximately $2.3 billion. After taking into account our use of approximately $400 million of cash and cash equivalents available from Dollar Thrifty, we expect to use approximately $345 million of our cash and cash equivalents to consummate the acquisition of Dollar Thrifty and to finance the remaining $1.95 billion through a combination of $750 million in incremental term loans under our Senior Term Facility and $1.2 billion in senior notes which was raised in October 2012. The boards of directors of both companies have unanimously approved the transaction. The transaction has been structured as a two-step acquisition including a cash tender offer for all outstanding shares of Dollar Thrifty common stock followed by a cash merger in which Hertz Holdings would acquire any remaining outstanding shares of Dollar Thrifty common stock. The transaction is subject to the tender of at least a majority of the shares of Dollar Thrifty common stock, as well as other customary closing conditions. The successful completion of the transaction is also subject to regulatory clearance by the Federal Trade Commission. Hertz Holdings has also reached a definitive agreement with Adreca Holdings Corp., a subsidiary of Macquarie Capital which is expected to be operated by Franchise Services of North America Inc., to sell the Advantage Rent A Car business, selected Dollar Thrifty airport concessions and certain other assets. The closing of that divestiture is conditioned upon, among other things, Hertz Holdings completing an acquisition of Dollar Thrifty. Hertz Holdings estimates that it would realize a loss before income taxes of approximately $30 million to $35 million as a result of this divestiture. We can offer no assurance that the Merger Agreement will be consummated.

[p. 8]
HERTZ GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

Unaudited
