

 SEC.gov | SEC Charges The Kraft Heinz Company and Two Former Executives for Engaging in Years-Long Accounting Scheme 

 Skip to search field

 Skip to main content

 An official website of the United States government

 Here’s how you know

 Here’s how you know 

 Official websites use .gov

 A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.

 Secure .gov websites use HTTPS

 A lock 
 ( Lock A locked padlock )
 or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.

 SEC homepage 

 Menu

 Close

 Search SEC.gov & EDGAR 

 Search 

 Search Filings 

 Search Filings 

 Full Text Search 

 Latest Filings 

 Mutual Fund Search 

 Variable Insurance Products Search 

 SIC Codes 

 CIK Lookup 

 Public Dissemination Service (PDS) 

 Search Assistance 

 Submit Filings 

 Submit Filings 

 EDGAR Filer Management Portal 

 EDGAR Filing Portal 

 Online Forms Management Portal 

 EDGAR Next 

 Forms Index 

 Filer Support & Resources 

 Data & Research 

 Data & Research 

 SEC & Markets Data 

 Taxonomies 

 Statistics & Data Visualizations 

 Investment Management Data 

 Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance 

 Rules & Regulations 

 Rulemaking Activity 

 Submit Public Comments 

 Staff Guidance 

 No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters 

 Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking 

 Public Petitions for Rulemaking 

 Enforcement & Litigation 

 Litigation Releases 

 Administrative Proceedings 

 Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions 

 Trading Suspensions 

 Distributions to Harmed Investors 

 Receiverships 

 Compliance 

 Examination Priorities 

 Risk Alerts 

 Compliance Outreach Program 

 Proposed Rules 

 What's New 

 Whistleblower Program 

 Featured Topics 

 Featured Topics 

 Crypto Task Force 

 Cybersecurity 

 Market Structure Analytics 

 Saving and Investing for Military Personnel 

 Saving and Investing for Teachers 

 SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative 

 Treasury Clearing Implementation 

 About 

 About 

 Mission 

 Commissioners 

 Divisions & Offices 

 Division & Office Directors 

 Advisory Committees 

 Budget & Performance 

 Reports & Publications 

 Commission Votes 

 Contact the SEC 

 Careers 

 Submit a Tip or Complaint 

 Newsroom 

 | 

 Investors 

 Small Businesses 

 Whistleblowers 

 Newsroom 

 | 

 Investors 

 Small Businesses 

 Whistleblowers 

 Search SEC.gov & EDGAR 

 Search 

 More in this Section

 Newsroom 

 Press Releases 

 Speeches & Statements 

 Meetings & Events 

 Videos 

 Social Media Directory 

 Podcasts 

 What's New 

 Newsroom 

 Press Releases 

 Speeches & Statements 

 Meetings & Events 

 Videos 

 Social Media Directory 

 Podcasts 

 What's New 

 Home 

 Newsroom 

 Press Releases 

 SEC Charges The Kraft Heinz Company and Two Former Executives for Engaging in Years-Long Accounting Scheme

 Press Release 

 SEC Charges The Kraft Heinz Company and Two Former Executives for Engaging in Years-Long Accounting Scheme

 Company Will Pay $62 Million to Settle Charges Related to Inflated Cost Savings that Caused it to Restate Several Years of Financial Reporting

 For Immediate Release

 2021-174

 Washington D.C., Sept. 3, 2021 — 

 The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged The Kraft Heinz Company with engaging in a long-running expense management scheme that resulted in the restatement of several years of financial reporting. The SEC also charged Kraft's former Chief Operating Officer Eduardo Pelleissone and its former Chief Procurement Officer Klaus Hofmann for their misconduct related to the scheme.

 According to the SEC's order, from the last quarter of 2015 to the end of 2018, Kraft engaged in various types of accounting misconduct, including recognizing unearned discounts from suppliers and maintaining false and misleading supplier contracts, which improperly reduced the company's cost of goods sold and allegedly achieved "cost savings." Kraft, in turn, touted these purported savings to the market, which were widely covered by financial analysts. The accounting improprieties resulted in Kraft reporting inflated adjusted "EBITDA," a key earnings performance metric for investors. In June 2019, after the SEC investigation commenced, Kraft restated its financials, correcting a total of $208 million in improperly-recognized cost savings arising out of nearly 300 transactions.

 "Investors rely on public companies to be 100% truthful and accurate in their public statements, especially when it comes to their financials. When they fall short in this regard, we will hold them accountable," said Gurbir S. Grewal, Director of the SEC's Division of Enforcement. "Today's action demonstrates that no matter how complex and far-reaching the financial misconduct, we will vigorously pursue wrongdoers because that’s what investor protection requires."

 As alleged in the SEC's order and in its complaint against Hofmann, Kraft failed to design and maintain effective internal accounting controls for its procurement division. As a result, finance and gatekeeping personnel repeatedly overlooked indications that expenses were being improperly accounted for. In addition, Pelleissone was presented with numerous warning signs that expenses were being managed through manipulated agreements with Kraft's suppliers, but rather than addressing these risks, he pressured the procurement division to deliver unrealistic savings targets. Hofmann approved several improper supplier contracts used to further the misconduct despite numerous warning signs that procurement division employees were circumventing internal controls, and certified the accuracy and completeness of the procurement division's financial statements when the misconduct was occurring. As a member of Kraft's disclosure committee, Pelleissone then improperly approved the company's financial statements.

 "Kraft and its former executives are charged with engaging in improper expense management practices that spanned many years and involved numerous misleading transactions, millions in bogus cost savings, and a pervasive breakdown in accounting controls. The violations harmed investors who ultimately bore the costs and burdens of a restatement and delayed financial reporting," said Anita B. Bandy, Associate Director of the SEC's Division of Enforcement. "Kraft and its former executives are being held accountable for placing the pursuit of cost savings above compliance with the law."

 The SEC's order finds that Kraft violated the negligence-based anti-fraud, reporting, books and records, and internal accounting controls provisions of the federal securities laws. The order also finds that Pelleissone violated the negligence-based anti-fraud, books and records, and internal accounting controls provisions of the federal securities laws and additionally, failed to provide Kraft's accountants with accurate information and caused Kraft's reporting, books and records, and internal accounting controls violations. The SEC's complaint against Hofmann alleges that he violated the negligence-based anti-fraud provisions, failed to provide accurate information to accountants, and violated the books and records and internal accounting controls provisions of the federal securities laws.

 Without admitting or denying the SEC's findings as to them, Kraft consented to cease and desist from future violations and pay a civil penalty of $62 million, whereas Pelleissone consented to cease and desist from future violations, pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest of $14,211.31, and pay a civil penalty of $300,000. And without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Hofmann consented to a final judgment permanently enjoining him from future violations, ordering him to pay a civil penalty of $100,000, and barring him from serving as an officer or director of a public company for five years. The settlement with Hofmann is subject to court approval.

 The SEC's investigation was conducted by Seth M. Nadler, Thomas B. Rogers, James Connor, Gary Peters, with assistance from Sarah Concannon and Thomas Bednar, and was supervised by Greg Faragasso and Ms. Bandy.

 ###

 Last Reviewed or Updated: Sept. 3, 2021 

 Resources

 SEC Order 

 SEC Complaint 

 Return to top 

 SEC homepage 

 About the SEC 

 Budget & Performance 

 Careers 

 Commission Votes 

 Contact 

 Contracts 

 Transparency

 Accessibility & Disability 

 Artificial Intelligence 

 FOIA 

 Inspector General 

 No FEAR Act Data 

 Ombuds 

 SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance 

 Websites

 Investor.gov 

 Related Sites 

 USA.gov 

 Site Information

 Plain Writing 

 Privacy & Security 

 Site Map 

 Stay connected. Sign up for email updates.

 Your email address 

 Sign Up 

 X 

 Facebook 

 Instagram 

 RSS 

 YouTube 

 Email Updates 

